[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief"
with our very special guest,
Billy Carson, a researcher,
a blogger, social
media manager--
and one of the best, and
also founder of the 4--
that's with this--
4biddenknowledge.com Billy,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
>>BILLY CARSON: Hey,
I'm glad to be back.
>>NOORY: What's new with you?
>>CARSON: Oh, a lot
of exciting things.
The book that I wrote,
"Compendium of the Emerald
Tablets," became a
bestseller on Amazon.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>CARSON: Thank you.
It's a really a
great accomplishment.
>>NOORY: That's exciting.
That is exciting.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Very excited about that.
Working on a movie right
now called "Chronicles
of the Anunnaki," which is
going to be a box office level
movie produced by Damon
Dash at Dame Dash Studios.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in all of this?
I mean, because
the subject matter
that you handle isn't something
that the everyday person wakes
up and goes, hey, I
want to go study that.
>>CARSON: You know, it really
started back from 1977.
We lived next to an
airport in Miami,
Florida called the Opa
Locka Airport, very small
private airport.
And I saw planes going over
my backyard all the time.
But this one
particular time I saw
an object that went over that
didn't look like an airplane.
Even as a kid, I didn't know
what a UFO or flying saucer
was, but I knew what a
fuselage and wings look like.
>>NOORY: Yeah, that you knew.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
That I knew.
And I didn't see
that on this object.
So I went to Rainbow Park
Elementary the next day,
went to the library,
because this is the '70s.
So I had to get the
old encyclopedia.
So I got all the Encyclopedia
Britannicas on aerospace.
And I literally started
researching aerospace
and technology from back then.
Much later, what
happened was, I started
saying OK, I've been
researching all this technology.
It's got to maybe link to
something from a long time ago.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CARSON: So I started
digging into the ancient past
and realizing that they were
talking about technology
in ancient texts and started
putting two and two together
and saying, wow.
There could be evidence of a
very highly technologically
advanced ancient
civilization on this planet.
>>NOORY: And digging into
the ancient past you did.
Tell me a little bit about
Thoth and the emerald tablets.
>>CARSON: Thoth is an ancient
Atlantian priest King.
This is what he was
called back then.
He was also the son of
Enki, which was an Anunnaki.
So the Anunnaki and Atlantians
are really one and the same,
I should say.
>>NOORY: Anunnaki came from
another planet called Nibiru.
>>CARSON: Right, from another
planet named Nibiru, and also
other star systems as
well, not just Nibiru.
They came from
multiple star systems--
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CARSON: --which
is one of the things
that I talk about in the book.
But Thoth himself was basically
the bringer of knowledge
and wisdom to mankind.
And he was ordered
by his dad to go
around the planet and
kickstart civilization
all over the planet.
And after the
Great Flood, he was
told to bring back
civilization to a higher level.
And he was then told to
take his crew with him
and go out and start off
in the land of Kim, which
is ancient Egypt before
it was called Egypt.
>>NOORY: Doesn't Thoth have
that bird-like look to him?
>>CARSON: Yes.
He looks like a bird, like
he's got that bird beak.
But he's really not a bird man.
That bird is the symbol
of the Ibis beak.
And the reason why they chose
that symbolization for Thoth
is because an ibis bird has to
dig its beak deep into the mud
to bring up sustenance.
So this symbology
is basically saying,
he's going into darkness
to bring darkness to light.
>>NOORY: Well, let's
take a look at Thoth.
>>NARRATOR: The
trail of the occult
begins in Egypt
5,000 years ago, just
before the rise of Egypt's
great pharaohs, hieroglyphics
or pictographs were invented.
Egyptians used them to document
their history and religion
and to practice complex systems
of astronomy, astrology,
and geometry.
They believed their
powerful knowledge
came from the god Thoth.
>> Thoth, or Tehuti, was
the Egyptian god of magic.
And more than just
the god of magic,
he was the god of
writing, of astronomy,
of mathematics, and science.
He invented language,
he invented writing.
>>NARRATOR: Only priests
with special training
were allowed access to
Thoth's sacred knowledge.
Amenhotep, builder of the first
pyramid, was one of the chosen.
>>CHRISTINE PAYNE-TOWLER:
Thoth was considered
to be the one who
gave us writing
and numbers and the
arts of self-cultivation
through works of consciousness.
Some people thought he was a
person who was then deified
through his accomplishments.
Other people feel this
has been a mythical entity
from the beginning.
>>NARRATOR: Legends held that a
book of magic written by Thoth
contained the
secrets of the gods.
>>PAYNE-TOWLER:
"The Book of Thoth"
was actually considered to
be in the astral plane, not
a physical thing, but something
that you had to actually travel
in consciousness to arrive at.
And so this is probably one
of those very old incidences
of channeling,
where an individual
would get into a
special state of mind,
contact the Thoth energy,
wherever it was to be found,
and then be tutored by this
multilingual multi-code kind
of consciousness.
>>NOORY: What kind of
a creature was this?
>>CARSON: Well, he was
really a very special being.
He wasn't a Homo
sapiens sapiens like us,
because according to
the ancient tablets,
we came along
much, much later on
in the geological time scale.
>>NOORY: Well, we may have
been seeded by them, right?
>>CARSON: Yes.
Well, I really think that
they are like our cousins,
and we look like them.
I think that Homo
sapiens sapiens are
the new kids on the block and
that these ancient beings,
these beings of old, were here
many, many millions of years
ago and had developed
technologies
to extend their lifespans
for many tens of thousands
of years.
>>NOORY: What was Thoth's role?
What was its purpose?
>>CARSON: Well, this is where
we get the word "thought" from.
So he was the bringer
of knowledge and wisdom
to mankind.
All the different
languages on the planet,
he was ordered to teach all
the different languages,
to teach the civilizations
how to develop
different levels of technology.
And also he was the
master architect
of the pyramid structures
all over this entire planet.
That was one of the key roles.
And matter of fact, in
the "Emerald Tablets"
he says himself, he built
the great [INAUDIBLE],,
I built the Great Pyramid.
So he developed the Great
Pyramid and that technology.
And then after they rose the
land of Khem back to a higher
level of civilization, he told
the people that came along with
him-- his crew members--
to spread out all
over the planet
and duplicate exactly
what they did there.
>>NOORY: Billy, did
he have a lifespan?
I mean, how long did he live?
>>CARSON: These beings
are capable of living
for tens of thousands of years.
He talks about going
into this place called
the Halls of Amenti, which is
underneath the Great Pyramid,
that's where he put it.
And recently those rooms have
been discovered down there,
by the way.
But anyway, he goes into
these regeneration chambers
where he takes an
avatar body that he
puts into a regeneration
chamber and leaves it
in there for 100 years
while he walks amongst men
in another avatar body.
This is why he had so many
different names and so many
different looks over
many eons, because he was
utilizing these avatar bodies.
>>NOORY: But it's the same him.
>>CARSON: It's the same him.
He transfers his consciousness
from his avatar body
to the next one
that's regenerated.
And he puts the depleted avatar
body-- either he gets rid of it
or puts it back into
a rejuvenation chamber
and regenerates that one again.
So they have done this for
tens of thousands of years.
>>NOORY: Isn't that
what we're trying
to do now with cryogenics
and by downloading memory
so you can put it
into a different body,
and you live forever?
>>CARSON: Well, we've gone even
a step further than cryogenics
now.
They've just developed
the first DNA hard drive--
Microsoft has.
So you can take--
one gram of DNA can store
433 petabytes of data.
So they discovered that
it can store digital bits
of 0's and 1's in information.
So they've created a
digital DNA hard drive,
which was the biggest limitation
on transferring consciousness.
So now we have the capability
of transferring consciousness
into a storage
capacity, and then
with now the creation of
the ability to create--
to create avatars
from stem cells,
we can literally take a
skin cell from your body,
put it under the right chemical
conditions in a laboratory,
create a clone of you up
to whatever age specified,
and then transfer
your consciousness
from your body, your mind,
into that new avatar.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
Now, the emerald tablets.
Tell me the emerald tablets'
role and what they are.
>>CARSON: Well,
the emerald tablets
were a writing that were
authored directly by Thoth
himself.
Other words, he
didn't have a scribe
write these, he
wrote them himself,
which is kind of unique
for us back in those times.
They would usually
a god or a king,
they would have a scribe
do all the writing.
These he authored.
He said that he was
leaving these behind
to guide mankind back
into the golden age,
basically, back into the light.
>>NOORY: Almost like
the 10 commandments?
>>CARSON: Well, yeah.
I mean, when you look
at the emerald tablets,
you start to realize
you're reading something
that predates the biblical text
by tens of thousands of years.
And the Bible is saying
almost the exact same thing
when you look at some of the
wording in the New Testament.
So I kind of show side
by side that where
Jesus is quoted as speaking in
the New Testament versus what
Thoth is saying in
the emerald tablets.
And you're going, oh my god.
Which came first?
The chicken or the egg?
You're saying that the
words are matching up.
But when you go and
research further
into the words of Jesus, which
is really his name is Yeshua,
you discover something in
the Gospel of the Holy 12
where he left and
went to Egypt to live.
And I've actually
been to the place he
lived in Egypt in Coptic Cairo.
And then from there
he went to Tibet
and also to India, where you
learned mystic arts and Reiki
healing with his hands, teaching
reincarnation the whole way
back.
So he was a student of
the minstry schools.
>>NOORY: Could Moses
have been given
the emerald tablets as
opposed to the so-called 10
Commandments?
>>CARSON: Moses
got his information
from something called the
42 Laws of Ma'at, which
is something that's out of the
"Egyptian Book of the Dead,"
or the "Book of
Going Forth by Day."
And it's actually
42 commandments out
of which they took
10, and they made it
into the modern day Bible.
>>NOORY: Where are the
emerald tablets today, Billy?
>>CARSON: I really believe
that the emerald tablets,
the original version, are
underneath the Vatican archives
in a five-acre--
>>NOORY: Hidden away?
>>CARSON: Hidden away down way
beneath that five-acre archive
they have, or
five-mile archive they
have underneath the Vatican
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Who would have translated them?
>>CARSON: Oh, lots of
people have translated them
over many years.
You'll have St. Thomas
Aquinas, the Queen of Sheba.
Sir Isaac Newton translated
the emerald tablet
of Hermes, which is actually
on display at the Cambridge
Library.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CARSON: You know,
many famous people--
Michael Doreal, Roger Bacon.
So lots of very
well-known scholars
have come in contact
with this information
and deciphered it
over many years.
>>NOORY: Edgar Cayce has
talked about in his day
the Hall of Records.
And he said they
were located in three
places throughout this planet.
Did Thoth have Hall
of Records, too?
>>CARSON: Yes, he did.
As a matter of fact, he claims
to have had a Hall of Records
that were hidden one
underneath the Great Sphinx
and one inside of the
Great Pyramid itself.
And I think that
they've found both.
In my personal
opinion, when you look
at a lot of the research
that have come out
over the last few years,
they found this chamber.
They were doing a cosmic
scan of the Great Pyramid,
something called a muon scan.
>>NOORY: A muon scan?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Muon.
And during this muon
scan, using cosmic rays,
they found this hidden chamber
above the Grand Gallery
in the Great Pyramid,
this massive open area,
which might be one of
the locations of one
of these Hall of Records.
>>NOORY: What could be in there?
>>CARSON: Oh, wow.
A lot of secretive texts
from the ancient mystery
schools, the true
knowledge and wisdom
that was meant to be passed on
to mankind in our current era,
which unfortunately, a lot of
the stuff that has been found,
I think, has been swept away and
hidden by some of the elites.
But I really do believe that
there could be information
of high advanced technology,
zero-point energy devices,
esoteric wisdom and knowledge.
>>NOORY: Flying machines?
Everything?
>>CARSON: Well, he
talks about the fact
that he has a flying machine
or a spaceship hidden
underneath the
paw of the Sphinx.
And recent scans discovered
that there's a huge--
>>NOORY: There is a chamber.
>>CARSON: --massive
object there.
>>NOORY: There's
something down there.
>>CARSON: Yeah, there's
And unfortunately, there's also
massive tunnels down there too.
So we would never know if
they used one of those tunnels
to get access to this
thing and move it away.
I know there was a
very big special that
was going to air live about five
years ago on one of the science
channels.
And then the night that
it was supposed to air,
it got canceled.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>CARSON: I just think that
somebody at a higher level
said, you know what?
We're going to pull this,
we're going to go down there
and see what it is
ourselves, and maybe get it.
They were going to
release the scanned images
and everything live on TV.
And then it got cut.
>>NOORY: Billy, what
does this tell you
about our ancients
and our ancient past?
>>CARSON: Well, it tells us
that they were very highly
advanced, very sophisticated.
The evidence is all around us.
We can't duplicate
some of the things
that they've done just
with architecture.
Can't imagine what they've
been able to do technologically
to be able to even--
to be able to even
build that architecture.
So I think that there's
a lot of evidence
around, including in
these ancient texts that
talk about flying machines,
talk about different types
of engines, talk about
different types of tools
and technologies, even
in the Book of Enoch
it talks about the fact
that these beings came down
from the sky and taught
humans how to build weapons
of war and everything else.
So it tells us that these
people that came here--
some were good, some were bad.
But overall they were highly
technologically advanced.
And they had
extensive lifespans,
which gave us the illusion
that they were immortal.
>>NOORY: Now back to
Thoth for a second.
Why did he have this reptilian
bird-like look to him?
Or was that just a
headpiece costume?
>>CARSON: Well, it was
just a representation
of the ibis bird.
So if you look at an
ibis bird, an ibis bird
has to dig its beak deep
into the mud to bring up
its sustenance and its food.
So what the representation
here, or the symbology there
with Thoth, is that he's going
into darkness to bring darkness
back to light.
So he goes into
areas where he always
talks about in the emerald
tablets where mankind
has fallen into a low
level of consciousness
or fallen to a low
level of civilization.
And he's got to go down there
now and bring them back up.
So in the beginning of
the emerald tablets what
happens is the Great Flood
waters are starting to subside.
And the people are coming out
of the caves several generations
later.
And he's saying that they
have fallen to a low level.
And his dad says, you need to go
down there and bring them back,
restart civilization there.
So this is just the symbology
of him going to darkness
and bringing darkness
back to light.
>>NOORY: Was he an alien?
>>CARSON: I think
that he was an alien.
I don't think that they were
from this planet at all.
When you look into a lot of
these ancient tablets now--
I've researched and read now
over 1,000 tablet scriptures
and texts and bake stones
and everything else, cylinder
scrolls, over the last 20 years.
And you starting to realize--
I'm starting to realize--
that there was an ancient war
possibly in the Pleiadian star
cluster, which is mentioned
in Homer's "Iliad" and the
Bible and everything else,
these Pleiadian star
of the Seven Sisters
where there was an ancient war.
And I really do believe that
refugees fled that region.
Some ended up in the Orion,
some end up in the Sirius star
system.
>>NOORY: Star system.
Sure.
>>CARSON: And also
some I believe ended up
on this Nibiru planet, which
was orbiting a brown dwarf star.
I think that the original
refugees that crash
landed there is what I think.
And that brown
dwarf star ended up
getting captured by
our solar system.
And now modern day
astronomers are
saying that there is
another solar system
within our own solar system.
There's two suns there.
One's a brown dwarf, and
one's our yellow sun.
>>NOORY: Well, Zecharia
Sitchin, God rest his soul,
would be vindicated because he
talked about this in his books
a long time ago.
>>CARSON: He sure did.
You know, Zecharia
Sitchin system
was one of the
greatest researchers.
I'd never stop saying that.
A lot of people were
making up stuff about him
at the end of his
life, unfortunately.
But the truth is, when you
read his prefaces of his books,
he tells you where he
got his information.
It wasn't that he
deciphered these tablets.
He was going off of deciphered
information already.
>>NOORY: Right.
He was just interpreting them.
>>CARSON: That's
all he was doing.
And his story was
pretty much dead on.
Now that dozens of
other researchers
have gone and done their
own work, like myself,
and we're coming up
with the same story.
You know, so it's
really amazing.
>>NOORY: Billy, let's
talk about Atlantis
for a moment and the Atlantians.
What is their connection to,
like, the emerald tablets?
>>CARSON: Well, the
Atlantian civilization
is part of this Anunnaki
race that came here.
See, the inner Anunnaki name
is a generalization term
for people coming from other
planets and star systems
to Earth.
It's not just one
specific race of people.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CARSON: And so these
Atlantians, they came here
in deep antiquity.
And they literally began to
develop their own civilization
on this planet, a high
level of civilization.
They came here to mine
this planet for resources--
not just for gold, but
for many other resources.
And they also saw it as
kind of a fresh start,
kind of like a breakaway
civilization is what it really
became for them.
And they developed a high
level of civilization
here without Homo sapiens
sapiens just on their own.
At some point they began to
go to war against each other.
And this is even talked about
in the book of Deuteronomy.
This is talked about in
many other ancient texts
where these gods started
going against each other
and fighting.
There were some living on Mars
called the Igigi, which were
the working class Anunnaki.
They came down,
these were the gods
that-- you know, the angels
that fell from heaven.
They came down
from Mars to Earth
to go to battle
against Enlil and Enki.
And there was a big war
that was about to start.
And that's when they decided
to make the Homo sapiens.
But where we lost Atlantis
was during this global flood
that came.
And that's when it
washed Atlantis away.
But then after that,
there was another war.
So these are a warring race.
>>NOORY: These emerald tablets
talk about the Great Flood,
which leads me to
believe they came--
the tablets-- after
the flood, obviously.
Right?
>>CARSON: Well, yeah.
The tablets were
written after the flood.
Now there was-- because
the tablets were written
after the Flood, but the tablets
mention life before the Flood.
So if you look at the
Sumerian Kings list, which
is located in the Ashmolean
Museum in Oxford, England,
the Kings list of
antediluvial kings
that ruled over Earth
for over 200,000 years.
Just a handful of rings
ruling for many-- some ruling
for 14,000 years, some
ruling for 28,000 years.
These people had
extensive lifespans.
And this is one of the main
displays at the Ashmolean
Museum.
So pre-flood, there
were people here
that were not human
beings that were
ruling over this planet in
different cities on this earth.
And it's well documented
and baked into clay.
>>NOORY: And hence the
flood to get rid of them?
>>CARSON: Well,
it's a combination.
It could have been from
Enlil point of view
to get rid of them, or that
they knew it was coming
and they didn't want to stop it.
They could have stopped
it, but they didn't.
Or some of the
interpretations state
that they caused
the flood on purpose
to get a fresh
start on this planet
and wipe away the people
and everything else and all
the technology and
start all over again.
So that interpretation
is kind of up in the air,
whether it was something that
was geological that could have
been prevented, but
wasn't, or whether it
was done by an
act that was like,
we want to make this
happen right now.
And it was done.
>>NOORY: What do you think
caused the flood, Billy?
>>CARSON: I really think that
the flood was probably caused
by a comet that was coming by.
And I thought they saw an
opportunity to take this comet
and crash it into the planet.
>>NOORY: So it did hit?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
That's what I think happened.
I think that they used it.
>>NOORY: Hit the ocean and--
>>CARSON: Hit the ocean.
>>NOORY: --water for
40 days and 40 nights.
Right?
>>CARSON: Yeah, yeah.
A lot of turmoil and everything
else on the entire planet.
And I think that
was probably one
of maybe several great floods
I think there were probably
two more other floods,
but not ones that
covered the entire planet, just
big regions of different areas.
>>NOORY: Did that flood destroy
the Atlantic civilization?
>>CARSON: Yes, it did.
In my opinion, it destroyed
the Atlantian civilization.
And I think that it was directly
in the middle of the Atlantic
Ocean is where it originally
was, in my personal opinion
now from doing a
lot of research.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CARSON: And I think that one
of the main reasons why I think
it was a directed meteor
strike was because there
was a little bit of anxiety
and anger back and forth
between these Atlantian
people about the fact
that some of them had now
taken these humanoid clone men
and women and started
mating with them
outside of their own race.
>>NOORY: Creating the Nephilim?
>>CARSON: Right.
And so it was like, OK.
This is enough.
And then it became
a jealousy thing,
and then it became a war.
And eventually
when there were so
many people on this planet
they decided, you know what?
We're going to just
wipe everything clean
and start fresh again.
>>NOORY: Did some of
them from Atlantis flee
to places like Egypt and then
contribute to the building
of the Great Pyramids?
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
Well, that's what happened.
Thoth was one of the
original Atlantians.
He's the son of Anki.
And after they fled--
after the Great Flood they
fled to a safe location
not on this planet.
Because he talks about in the
emerald tablets in the opening
verses that his dad tells
him to get in this great ship
and take the crew with you
and go back to the Earth.
>>NOORY: And get out.
>>CARSON: So they
actually take off
into the sky until they see
this sort of planet disappear.
When they got to Earth
they then started
descending where they saw one
of the ancient great temples
with the flood waters
residing down beneath it.
And that's when they
decided to land.
So I don't think
they're from Earth.
They went away and
they came back.
And they're always going
and coming all the time.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CARSON: But these are
some really advanced people.
And when they open
the doors to the ship,
the people at that time
now were like barbaric,
and they wanted to attack them.
And Thoth raises his staff.
And he says he sent out a ray of
vibrations stopping them still
as stone in the mountain.
So he had some kind
of advanced weaponry
that froze these people
but didn't kill them.
And I kind of compare that
in the book to something
we have called the active
denial system in the military
now where they have the
same beam weapon that
could stop a crowd
from attacking
without injuring anybody.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
And it renders them down to
their knees, practically.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
Exactly.
So I make the
comparisons there so you
can see we're talking advanced
technology in ancient times.
>>NOORY: Could the craft
that you're talking about--
the ships that you're
talking about--
have been basically the story
of Noah's Ark in the fact
that maybe they went up in
a spaceship, not a boat?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
I really do believe that
Noah's Ark was a DNA bank.
Now if you look at the
Epic of Gilgamesh, which
is one of the Sumerian
tablets, which
is like the full
story of Noah's Ark,
he was given a design to
build an actual submersible.
And it wasn't square
or rectangular,
it was actually round.
The actual--
>>NOORY: Like a craft.
>>CARSON: Like a craft.
And some of his local animals,
just his local farm animals
were put on there.
But overall it was
really the collection
of DNA from all around
the planet of animals
that they would have needed
to re-kickstart civilization.
And I think I went
to a DNA bank.
And then they were--
because Thoth and Anki
were massive geneticists.
And so I think it was
very easy for them
to bring back these animals.
In one part of the
Sumerian tablets
they talk about fashioning
a lamb because lambs
hadn't been here yet.
So these people were
very advanced genetically
and were able to make
all these animals.
>>NOORY: There was
a point where I
would say we've lost all
this past information.
But researchers like you
have obviously found it.
>>CARSON: It's here.
You just have to read so many
different things and research
so much information to
paint the big picture.
You can't just like go, I'm
going to read this one book
and I'll learn about
the ancient past.
>>NOORY: It's not going
to happen that way.
>>CARSON: No.
You've got to go
through thousands
of text and scriptures and books
and writings and perspectives
and information.
And you have to research
modern technology
because you can't
envision what they're
trying to say if you don't
compare it to something
in the modern times.
And we have a lot of
modern technology right now
that will really give you an
idea of what they were talking
about in the ancient past.
>>NOORY: Are they
still here, Billy?
>>CARSON: I really
do believe they are.
In the emerald tablets,
Thoth talks about the fact
that they walk amongst
men, but unlike men.
So they use these avatar bodies
that they clone and create.
And they put their
consciousness into them.
They call it transfer my ego
into this sleeve, basically.
>>NOORY: Do they
know what they are?
>>CARSON: They
know what they are.
>>NOORY: They do.
>>CARSON: Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I think they've long shed
their original avatar
bodies that they were
probably born with.
And they've now just been
jumping from body to body.
I don't think that
they jump from bodies
that are not theirs.
It appears that they
have the capability
of making their own
sleeves, and they
transfer into those bodies.
>>NOORY: Since
this has been going
on since the beginning
of time, I would think,
are they doing this
on other planets, too?
>>CARSON: Oh, I
really do believe so.
One of the biggest things
that I've researched
are space anomalies.
And I've made the news
on that many times,
researching information from
the NASA and the European Space
Agency, the Russian Space
Agency, the Indian Space
agency, and looking into
all of their space data
from the probes that
have been sent out,
all the rovers that
have been sent out.
And we've now-- the United
Family of Anomaly Hunters--
we've cataloged
thousands and thousands
of images, over 58,000 anomalies
in our solar system alone.
And a lot of these things look
like things just on Earth.
On Venus I discovered
through the USGS.gov radar
image of a city there.
And this city actually looks
like it's got a temple on it
with a cross.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
>>CARSON: So I think that
they've duplicated this thing
over and over again,
masquerading as gods as they
go, and utilizing
people as cattle to do
a lot of the work for them.
>>NOORY: I got a call a couple
weeks ago from a former NASA
employee who is well
known, but I'm not
going to mention his name yet.
And he's in bad health,
very bad health.
>>CARSON: Oh, wow.
>>NOORY: And he
said, George, I want
to put together a bunch of
documents and send them to you.
Give me your address.
And I said, what's
in these documents?
And he said, you got
to see them first.
But they're coming
from within NASA.
I can't wait to
get these things.
>>CARSON: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: Who knows
what they are?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
It's probably going to
be a lot of anomalies
that weren't obfuscated.
There's a lot of stuff
that's popping up
that's coming out now.
And the government's
kind of really giving us
a drop by drop disclosure
and letting people kind of
get the information.
They're not really denying
aliens and UFOs anymore.
So they're kind of just
letting us be the researchers
and look it up and bring it
to the general population as
like, we're a form of
the disclosure as well.
>>NOORY: Our Gaia series,
called "Ancient Civilizations,"
explores the mysteries of
the Great Pyramids as well.
>>ANDREW COLLINS: There
is an ancient code
to be found within
the Great Pyramid.
It's within the geometry, not
just of the pyramid itself,
but its relationship to
the other two main pyramids
of the Giza plateau.
Having studied this
for a number of years,
it seems to be related
very much to do
with the idea of the
music of the spheres,
the idea that there is
some kind of connection
between the primal tones
of the universe itself
and their relationship to the
creation of form and structure
in the physical world, and that
to somehow attune and enhance
this connection, that
certain proportions have
to be constructed into
the design of the pyramid
and also the geometry
of the landscape itself.
And these seem to reflect
the musical intervals.
>>NOORY: Billy, the technology
and the architecture
of the pyramids are
absolutely astounding.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: How did they do this?
>>CARSON: Well, Thoth
is the master architect
of this whole thing.
He really laid out--
>>NOORY: He did everything.
>>CARSON: He did everything.
He laid this out.
What he did with
the Great Pyramid
was, he took some type of
advanced computer program
and said, OK.
Here's all the data
that we've collected
on the dimension of the
planet, the size of the planet,
the distance that a planet from
Earth to the moon, and so forth
and everything else.
>>NOORY: Where they built them.
That matters, too.
>>CARSON: He built
the Great Pyramid
directly at the center
of the landmass on Earth.
Not the center of the Earth,
but the center of the landmass.
So think about
that for a minute.
In order to find out
the center of landmass
you have to have a scan
of the entire planet.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>CARSON: And you can only
do that with technology.
>>NOORY: And above.
>>CARSON: And above.
You got to be in space.
And you can't use a
regular satellite that
just goes around the equator.
It has to be a satellite
that goes on the North Pole.
So it's the North Pole orbit.
So this is a very new orbit
that we ourselves just
discovered on how to do in
the last couple of decades.
So now this type of
orbit of the planet,
as the planet's
rotating on its axis,
it's just going around this
way and taking an image
as it rotates.
And then the images
are stitched together.
And that's how you get
a complete global scan.
So you can't do
it on the equator.
You have to do it that way.
So this is an amazing
piece of technology,
or evidence of amazing
technology in the ancient past.
Then the other thing is the fact
that the location of the Grand
Gallery are the same digits
of the speed of light
in meters by longitude.
Now how can you get this?
OK.
Well, you go, well, meters
were just recently discovered.
Well, actually not.
If you look into the
proto-Sumerian text
and you discover
that they had meters
all the way back then,
thousands of years ago.
We rediscovered meters.
Or possibly the
gentleman that discovered
it read the ancient Sumerian
tablets, and said, ah,
I can use this for new
mathematical calculations.
So we had meters already.
The other thing is if you take
the size of the pyramid blocks
and multiply them by 10
squared-- a lot of them--
you start to come up with
all these weird calculations.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CARSON: You can
actually discover
the distance of the Earth to the
moon, the distance of the Earth
to the sun.
You can calculate the tropical
year, the Sidereal year.
You can actually calculate
the speed of the sun
around the galactic equator.
All this is built into
the Great Pyramid.
And then what's amazing if
you look at the pyramid Giza
from above, look at all the
temples and locations of them,
you can actually
then draw a grid map.
And that grid map will
give you the location
of every planet in
our inner solar system
and the astronomical unit
distance from the sun down
to the inches.
And compared to a NASA
interplanetary map,
it almost overlays and
almost matches perfectly.
>>NOORY: The mathematics
must have been unbelievable.
>>CARSON: Unbelievable
mathematics.
And this is all encoded into
Giza and the Great Pyramid.
The Great Pyramid is also a
1 by 432 scale of the Earth.
I mean, this is all--
you know, and it
resonates at 432 hertz.
I mean, it's-- these
aren't accidents.
>>NOORY: It's all tied together.
>>CARSON: It's
all tied together.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
What and who are
the dark brothers?
>>CARSON: The dark
brothers are talked about
in the emerald tablets by Thoth.
And he basically says
two things about them.
One are these are civilizations
that have risen and fallen.
They're the cause of the
fall of civilizations
all over the universe.
And that it's a yin and a yang.
You can't have
good without evil,
and you can't have
evil without good.
But no matter where he's gone
throughout the entire universe,
he's actually gone and watched
civilizations rise and fall.
And these dark brothers
are always the reason
for the fall of civilizations.
And it becomes this ego
that takes over mankind,
or these different species of
man, all over the universe,
apparently, hominids are pretty
standard everywhere you go.
And it's this evil mentality,
this egotistical mentality,
this power control mentality,
that takes over a person
and then starts to drive
a civilization back
down into dark ages again.
And it has to do with
them understanding
how to get to a high
level of civilization
consciously and technologically,
but then taking it and using
that force for dark intentions.
>>NOORY: For good.
Or bad.
>>CARSON: So you have the
dark, and you have the good.
So it's almost like "Star Wars."
Makes you wonder where George
Lucas got his information
from because you
have the dark forces
and you have the light forces.
And so you have the--
like, the Jedi, and then you
have the Empire or whatever.
So it's really--
>>NOORY: The force.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
The force, you know.
And they take these
dark forces, and they
use them to turn people
against each other.
Kind of like what you see right
now just going on our planet.
We've got all the
people fighting
against each other with a
very small amount of people
controlling everything
from behind the scenes.
And they're
controlling both sides.
So they've got us like puppets.
And they've got us
fighting each other
so we can't find out
that we're supposed
to be really fighting them.
So that's what
it's talking about.
>>NOORY: Were these
human beings, Billy?
Or what were they?
>>CARSON: These were
beings like him.
Atlantians, or these beings
that have the capability
of living for many eons.
And they plant themselves
in different civilizations.
And they literally thrive off
of causing turmoil, angst,
anxiety, starvation, poverty,
murder, and everything else.
Why they do this?
It doesn't really
specifically say.
But this is the reason
for the cycle of the Yugas
where civilizations
rise and fall.
Like right now
we're in something
called the Tetra Yuga, which
is like the Silver Age.
And we're headed back
towards the golden age again.
>>NOORY: Is that a
good or bad thing?
>>CARSON: That's a great
thing, because that's
where lifespans are
extended, that's
where technology is
really super advanced,
that's where we will become
an intergalactic civilization.
And these Yugas,
these Yuga cycles last
for hundreds of
thousands of years.
The bad thing about it
is for whatever reason,
it then goes down again.
We go back into a
like, a Bronze Age
where these dark brothers
or these dark forces
start to take over
mankind again.
And we start to sink and go back
consciously into a low level.
Wars start up.
Greed starts up.
Power struggle starts up again.
And the next thing you know,
we fall into a low level
of civilization.
And this cycle has happened
at least four times just
on this planet.
So we're talking about
four or five million years
of rising and falling.
And according to
the Mayans we're
heading into the
fifth age again.
So now we're heading back
into another golden age.
And the biggest
thing that I want
to learn from these tablets, the
reason why I wrote this book,
is because I don't
think-- there's nowhere
written that says we have
to stay in the cycle.
There's nowhere written that
says we have to rise and fall.
When can we break
this time loop?
Can we break it?
Can we finally for once
stay at a high level
and maintain that level?
>>NOORY: That would be nice.
>>CARSON: That
would be fantastic.
>>NOORY: What is the
Ancient Smith effect?
What is that?
>>CARSON: Well, you know,
this is one of the things
that has to do with
the dark brothers
and how they subconsciously
get into your psyche.
So they control the media.
They control the news.
They control what we eat,
what you think, what you see,
and everything else.
>>NOORY: Are they the deep state
that we hear so much about?
>>CARSON: The deep state.
They're the deep state.
They're all these hidden figures
behind the scenes pulling
all the strings that nobody ever
can really see who they are,
but they're there.
You know, there's 100 families
running this entire planet.
But there's still
a handful of them
there at the top of that
mini pyramid that are really
making all the final decisions.
And so that's really
what it's all about.
So the Agent Smith
effect is when like,
if you're talking to somebody
like a friend or family
member about what you saw on
TV, and it's like a sitcom or TV
show.
Everybody's having a great
conversation about it.
But as soon as you
stop and talk about is
9/11 a conspiracy or
you know, what they're
putting in our food is
poison, all of a sudden
that person will then change.
Their continence will change.
Their attitude will change.
And they'll almost become
like a prison guard
to stop you from talking
about those topics
and try to steer
you back into what
the more comfortable topics
were, which was gossiping
and so forth and so on.
So it's like this
thing jumps into them.
It's like this
matrix programming
takes over their body.
And that's part of the
dark forces that happen.
And it's called the
Agent Smith effect,
kind of after the "Matrix"
movies where Agent Smith would
pop into the bodies of other
people to fight against Neo.
>>NOORY: You've got to have
a PhD in ancient technology.
My god, how do you
know all this stuff?
>>CARSON: You know,
I've been researching
this for so many years
now, you know, since 1977
until this current day,
researching aerospace
and technology and
combining with the knowledge
of ancient wisdom
and ancient text
and trying to put
the two together,
trying to look for
unified physics.
Kind of like Nassim Haramein.
I study a lot of
his work and seeing
how the quantum mechanics
and quantum physics really
does interact with
spirituality, you can't have one
without the other.
If you try to only
go the spiritual way
and not incorporate
the science behind it,
you don't really
get the big picture.
And vice versa.
So I really tried to
put pieces of the puzzle
together and try
to paint a picture,
not only for myself,
but for everybody else.
>>NOORY: Billy, what
are cymatic frequencies?
>>CARSON: Well, these are
the hidden frequencies
behind the ether of spacetime
that literally jingle matter
into existence.
And so I even talk
about in the book
that Thoth is
talking about using
semantics and lights--
and photonic light--
to create matter.
So he would actually
literally utilize
photons and cymatic
frequencies, which are strings
in the ether of spacetime.
It's called String Theory.
But he had the ability
to access that.
And utilizing vocalizations
and cymatic frequencies,
combining the two together
to create solid bricks
and matter and everything else.
So some of these
structures weren't
built by going and getting
quarrying bricks and blocks.
Some of these structures
were literally manifested.
And we as now people
on Earth, scientists
just recently-- it's in my
book, a whole article on it.
Physics.org.
They discovered
how to turn light--
photonic light--
into solid matter.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CARSON: So we're
just now catching up
to what the ancients
already knew.
>>NOORY: In the 1970s, there was
a legendary film put together
by Hans Jenny about cymatics.
>>HANS JENNY: Everything
owes its existence
solely and completely to sound.
Sound is a factor which
holds it together.
Sound is the basis
of form and shape.
In the beginning was the word.
And the word was God.
We are told that this
is how the world began
and how creation took shape.
If we put that into
the modern idiom
and say that into the great
voids of space came a sound,
and matter took shape.
Please watch carefully.
>>NARRATOR: We can also
use different shapes plate.
Here we have a triangular
plate with a crystal
attached to its underside
and produce a solar change
to a higher note and see a
rather more complicated figure.
>>NOORY: How important is sound?
And what does he
mean by that, Billy?
>>CARSON: See, it's
very important.
For example, in
space time itself,
there are these strings
that vibrate and give
off these frequencies
and vibrations.
And they run across this like
a wave coming across an ocean.
So for example, if
you look at a cheetah,
and it's got these
spots on its back.
Well, the genetic
makeup of a cheetah
vibrates at a specific
frequency that's
in a match for that pattern
that's being emanated directly
from spacetime through something
called the flower of life,
Vesica piscis.
And that's where these sound
frequencies are emanating from.
We can't hear them with our
human ears, but they're there.
And so when that splashes
across the genetic makeup
of a cheetah, that gives it
the pattern that's on its back.
And this is the same
thing for every living
thing on this entire planet.
Whatever you are tuned
frequency, vibration,
your subatomic
frequency vibration
is a match for, from the
emanating frequencies
or the cymatics coming
out of spacetime,
that will create your shape,
your form, your figure,
and also even your perspective
on reality as well.
And all really solid matter
is is these vibrating waves
that interact with
electromagnetic frequencies
and then consciousness
comes in and collapses it
into something we consider to be
called digital or solid matter.
>>GEORGE NOORY: If
a person understands
this in their day-to-day
life, what can they do?
>>CARSON: If you
understand this--
>>NOORY: How can it
change your life?
>>CARSON: Yeah, it can change
your life once you really
understand that the
biggest thing about this
is solidity is an illusion,
separation is an illusion.
And when you understand that,
it means that we're all one.
In other words, I'm sitting
here talking to you,
but I'm really
talking to myself.
And when you begin to
understand that we're all one,
the ancients have a term--
[INAUDIBLE]
I am another you.
And what it means
is, I'm going to have
a lot more respect for you as
a human being, as a person,
as an animal, as an
entity on this planet,
or anywhere in the universe.
I'm going to treat you
like I would treat myself,
because you are me.
There's only one real
consciousness that exists.
And we are just
the consciousness
separated into trillions
and trillions of entities
so that they can experience
itself subjectively
from different perspectives.
In other words, it wants to
see what it's like to be human.
It wants to see what it's like
to be a blade of grass or even
a rock.
And that's what we're here for.
We're on a data
collection mission,
sending information
back to the source.
>>NOORY: What does this tell
you about the complexity
of life, Billy?
In that not a lot of people
probably are aware of what
we're talking about today.
They will be after they
watch this program.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>NOORY: But what does that
tell you about life itself?
>>CARSON: Oh, it's
a lot more complex.
I think that we've
gotten complacent,
and we've taken a
lot for granted.
The fact that even human
beings are creators ourselves,
we have the divine energy
inside of us, and we ourselves
are also creators.
We even take that for granted.
The fact that everything
that's here, even including
the TV that people are
watching us on right now,
it all started off as a
thought and then became reality
in the third dimension.
It's manifested from a thought.
I think we've taken all
of this for granted,
and we've gone through like
robots through our day.
Wake up, go to sleep, get
married, have kids, go to work,
retire, and die.
But it's a lot more to it.
I think when you
really understand
how complex and how
incredible it really is,
it'll take your mind into other
dimensions and other places
other tangents, and really start
to really appreciate everything
that's here on another level.
I really want to
appreciate now-- now I
used to say every second, then
I used to say every microsecond.
Now I want to enjoy
every plonk unit.
That's the smallest
measurement of time.
You know, I want to enjoy every
single tiny bit that I can
enjoy in this dimension now.
>>NOORY: Do we, as
human beings, manifest
everything that happens to us?
>>CARSON: We literally do.
See, the way the manifestation
works-- and people,
when I tell people
that they are God,
some people will get
offended by that.
But they don't realize
what I'm saying is,
you have the power
of the creator.
As above, so below.
The power of creation is
already inside of you,
and we do it every single day.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CARSON: So in a
real world example
would be, if I want to create,
for example, a cell phone.
So I would think about
the cell phone in my mind.
So that's a
consciousness platform.
And that platform now, I'm
thinking about the shape, size,
texture, what it can do,
all the functionality.
And I go, OK.
I want to manifest this.
Now I take that
information and I give it
over to our CAD
designer, who brings it
into a two-dimensional
format, which
is all based off of lines.
>>NOORY: And then they build it.
>>CARSON: And then it
goes to an engineer,
which brings it into a
third dimensional platform
in reality.
So the thought then goes
from thought platform,
two-dimensional, then to
three-dimensional reality
where I could physically pick
it up, touch it, and maneuver it
through the third dimension.
So we manifest everything
in the third dimension
that way starts
off as a thought.
We literally create things,
just like the universe creates,
we are also co-creators
in our reality as well.
>>NOORY: How often are we as
human beings tapping into this
whatever it is-- the
matrix, let's call it--
and not even know
that we're doing it?
>>CARSON: It's non-stop.
Scientists discovered
that human DNA
get uploaded and downloaded
digital bits of information
that it sends and receives
information wirelessly,
like a Wi-Fi signal,
and that we interact
with each other wirelessly
on a consistent basis.
Also, that DNA stores memories.
So a lot of your
memories are stored
in DNA, which is something that
a lot of people don't know.
This is real science.
So if we're sending and
receiving wireless information
and signals directly from
this DNA 24 hours a day,
seven days a week,
you might get an idea
pops into your mind about
an invention or an idea.
But really, all those inventions
and ideas all floating around
in the ether of
space time, you might
have massive specific frequency
to download that information
at that moment.
You were the one who
were lucky enough
to be able to decipher it and
then bring it to fruition.
Kind of like what
Edgar Cayce used to do.
>>NOORY: Did most of our
ancients understand this?
>>CARSON: Oh, they understood
it, and they knew all about it.
And there were
minstry schools set up
for just the elite of the
elites or handpicked people
that they felt had
specific talents, to be
able to really analyze it,
understand it, and utilize it
in the right way for good.
And that's originally what the
mission schools were all about.
Eventually when these
deified gods left,
then it started getting twisted
and turned into darkness.
>>NOORY: Interesting
take on all this.
Did science ever catch up with
what they did a long time ago?
>>CARSON: We're trying.
I mean, I really--
>>NOORY: It's not
there yet, though.
>>CARSON: It's not there.
No, it's not.
I mean, if you look
at Apple symbol,
for example, in Africa,
where I visited in person.
It was much further
down the mountain there.
And it had a specific alignment
where at the solstice,
the sun would come through
the center of that temple
and illuminate the
gods at the back.
OK?
Precisely.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CARSON: We cut it up in
chunks and moved it up the hill
because they were
building a dam there.
And the dam was
going to flood it.
So they knew that we still
want to preserve this.
>>NOORY: It needed to
be where it was, right?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
They tried to put
it in the same angle
to get the illumination
right, and they
were about five degrees off.
They still couldn't get it.
>>NOORY: The illumination--
>>CARSON: Didn't work.
I mean, that's with
modern technology.
You know?
So we're trying.
And I think a lot of
scientists and aerospace
technicians and
everything else, they
go to these ancient texts--
even Hitler went all
around the world scouring
the planet ancient
texts about technology
because he wanted
to duplicate it.
>>NOORY: Oh, he was
obsessed with the occult
and the ancient world.
>>CARSON: Yes, he was.
>>NOORY: Obsessed with it.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
Because he knew that was
the key to technology.
And that's what it's all about.
And I think we're duplicating or
trying to duplicate everything
that's in these ancient texts.
The more I read ancient
texts, the more I say, wow.
Let me find if
we're doing it now.
And I go, oh my god.
We're doing it now.
Transferring conscious-- they
just transferred a monkey's
consciousness into a computer.
I mean, the 2045 project by Ray
Kurzweil in Russia, 2045.com,
they're working on transferring
human consciousness now
into an actual biological
avatar by 2045.
The DARPA program is now going
to have a program in America
where they're transferring
a soldier's consciousness
into a field robot.
>>NOORY: If Hitler
wasn't so insane,
and if he wasn't so
horrible as a human being,
god knows how far
the Germans would
have advanced with technology.
>>CARSON: Oh, they would
have been light years ahead.
>>NOORY: They were
way ahead of us.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
I mean, they were
so far ahead that we
decided to take all their
scientists that we--
>>NOORY: I mean,
we got to the moon
because of German scientists.
>>CARSON: Basically.
We became the Fourth Reich.
We took all of them.
People thought it was just
a small amount of scientists
that we took from them.
We took over 1,600
people from the Germans.
>>NOORY: And so did the
Soviets at the time.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
They took some too.
There were a lot of people
working on a lot of projects.
And we took them, we put them
in key positions of power
here in the United
States, as well.
>>NOORY: Well, they had the
V2 rocket way before we even
knew what a rocket was.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
Incredible.
And Von Braun was
quoted as saying that we
had help from other people.
>>NOORY: Well, maybe we did.
>>CARSON: There's an old saying
called as above, so below.
>>NOORY: What does that mean?
>>CARSON: Well, you know,
so in the macrocosm,
so in the microcosm.
Everything you can look
at on a large scale,
you can find in
the smallest scale.
If you look at the universe as
a whole, the universe, to me,
is a biological
entity as conscious.
And we are just
another-- a small fractal
of what the universe is.
So if you look at, for
example, a human eye,
and you'll see the retina of
the eye, the iris of the eye,
and look at a nebula,
you'll see that they
look almost identical.
>>NOORY: Interesting analogy.
>>CARSON: Right.
If you look at a
brain cell and then
look at a zoomed out version
of the universe from billions
of miles away, it looks
like a brain cell.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>CARSON: You know,
it's really amazing.
If you look at the birth of a
cell, a cell's cell division,
and look at a supernova--
>>NOORY: Same thing.
>>CARSON: Same thing.
And I just keep going
on and on and on.
Everything inside of one
blood cell in a human
is an entire universe.
Everything is needed for
that that one cell to live.
And you know, the power
source and everything else,
it's an entire universe
just like our universe it.
And then also, if you look at
the multiverse, which we now
believe scientifically through
quantum physics exists,
>>NOORY: Multi universes.
>>CARSON: Look at the
cells in the human body.
The cells are all each--
it's a multiverse
inside of your body.
So there's just so many
ways you can go at it.
I mean, you know, Atom
versus the solar system.
You know, you have electrons
orbiting the atom--
I mean, you could just
look at-- there are so
many different
comparisons you can make.
But as above, so below
is really a true thing
that Thoth talks about
in the emerald tablets.
And you can make so
many comparisons to it.
And you look into
the fact that we
may be living in a fractal
holographic universe,
if you take a hologram and
take one piece of the hologram
out and look at it, you're
going to see the entire hologram
in the smallest piece.
>>NOORY: Could we
really be living
in a holographic universe?
>>CARSON: I really
do believe so.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CARSON: And it's talked
about in the emerald tablets.
>>NOORY: You're not alone.
People like Elon Musk
believe the same thing.
>>CARSON: Yeah,
Elon Musk and a lot
of other theoretical physicists
as well have come forward now.
James Gates has
talked about this.
He's a theoretical physicist.
And also he's a master
of supersymmetry.
And he basically discovered--
him and his team of scientists
discovered-- that the
ether of space time
is running off of
something Adinkra codes.
And these Adinkra codes, which
were talked about ironically
by the Dogon tribe for
many thousands of years,
are the same exact codes that
we now use in our web browsers
and search engines.
So the ether of space
time is running off
the same code that runs
searches in the websites.
So we're living inside,
to me, of a creation.
And when you begin to look
at the fact of fractals
through something called
the Mandelbrot set,
you discover that
everything is literally just
a small piece of the whole.
So like I was saying.
If you take out a piece of
a hologram and look at it,
you can see the entire
hologram in the smallest piece.
You only lose resolution.
And it almost seems
as if our reality
is happening as we need it.
Like in a video game, the
next frame of graphics
appears when you get there,
when you need it to show up.
So right now we can't see
our homes, our houses,
wherever we're from.
So they don't exist as
solid objects right now.
They exist as
electromagnetic waves
until we physically see them.
Then they collapse back into
a solid structure again.
>>NOORY: Does this mean
that we're not real?
>>CARSON: No, it
means that we're
real because
consciousness is real.
But what it means is the third
dimension is an illusion.
Consciousness is being
broadcast in from another realm.
There was a
scientific study done
where they took people
and put them in a room
and had them look at
images on the screen,
because they wanted to map
the human brain to see what
the human brain under
certain feelings and emotions
what it looked
like on a computer.
Something happened by accident.
Each image they would
put in 10 seconds apart.
And what happened was they were
showing images of serene ocean
views and roses.
And then they
would show somebody
getting killed or murdered.
Now all these
different emotions.
A baby.
So what happened is, now the
computer started picking up
something 7 seconds in advance.
Up to 7 seconds in
advance, the human brain
was sending to the
computer what was going
to happen on the next image.
>>NOORY: Ahead of time.
>>CARSON: And they were
going, wait a minute.
>>NOORY: Ahead of time.
>>CARSON: Ahead of time.
We're not in real time.
See, our brains have these
crystals inside of them,
magnetite crystals.
And we're receiving
a signal, and we're
decoding this signal into
what we can consider reality.
>>NOORY: Well, you know, Bill,
my radio show coast to coast.
We're on a delay,
which means what
I've said hasn't happened yet
to the people who are listening.
Is that almost like
the same thing?
>>CARSON: Very, very similar.
Even the fact that we're sitting
here and I'm looking at you,
you're looking at me,
this close together,
you're not seeing
me in real time.
Because why?
The photons are going to
bounce off me, hit your retina,
go to the back of the brain,
get decoded, and give you
an illusion of what's
going on outside.
>>NOORY: It might
be nanoseconds.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: But it's
still not real time.
>>CARSON: Still not real time.
You're seeing me
as I, not as I am.
So we're living in a
universe that's basically--
a conscious stream
is being sent in.
These avatar bodies
are encapsulating
part of that consciousness
and decoding it,
and giving us this
broadcasted hologram
of what's going on out here.
And we're maneuvering through
the third dimension that way.
>>NOORY: So we've been talking
about the holographic universe.
Gaia's show, called "Mystery
Teachings" jumps into this,
too.
>>THERESA BULLARD, PHD: Could
we be living inside a hologram?
What really is a
hologram, anyhow?
Let's explore both the
physics and metaphysics
of holographic being, and
what that means for us.
First of all, what
is a hologram?
We've all seen that shiny image
of a dove on the back of a visa
credit card, or the
hologram trading
cards of our favorite
superheroes when we were kids.
These are two-dimensional
films that
have three-dimensional
information encoded in them.
And when light shines on
them in the right way,
we can see the image as if
it is three-dimensional.
The word itself gives us
insight into what a hologram is.
It comes from the ancient
Greek words holos and grandma.
Holos means hole.
While grandma means
that which is drawn
written, as in a
picture, a drawing,
and alphabetical letter,
or a piece of writing that
contains a message.
So a hologram is an image or a
message that depicts the whole.
There are two main defining
features of a hologram.
First, every part contains the
same pattern or information
as the whole.
If we break off a piece
of a holographic plate
and then shine light
onto just that fragment,
it will still contain
the whole image.
In this regard, it is
fractal-like or recursive,
meaning it doesn't matter how
small of a scale we go to.
It will still contain the whole
pattern within each piece.
A large amount of information
is contained in a hologram.
The second defining
feature is that a hologram
is a projection from
a lower dimensional
encoding of information about
a higher dimensional reality.
An easy way to
think about this is
what happens when we go
to the movie theater.
The movie we see on the
screen is a projection
from light shining through
the film in the movie reel.
That film is imprinted
with images and information
from the studio
recordings of real people
acting out their parts.
The real people are
three-dimensional in this case,
but the film is two-dimensional.
And we watched that
movie being projected
onto a two-dimensional
screen as well.
So this example is
not holographic,
but it gives us an idea of
what is meant by a projection
from a lower dimensional
encoding of information
about a higher
dimensional reality.
>>NOORY: All right, Billy.
So interpret what Theresa
Bullard just said.
>>CARSON: Well, she's saying is
really what a lot of us now are
really starting to come to
realize is the fact that this
entire third dimension
is a projection,
most likely from possibly what
I consider to be a dodecahedron
structure outside
of the universe,
outside of the frame of--
>>NOORY: Created by who?
The divine creator?
>>CARSON: Possibly the
divine creator or creators.
I think that we're living
in a ancestors civilization.
So there is a creator
of the universe
because the
mathematics proves it.
>>NOORY: Somebody made them.
>>CARSON: Somebody made them.
And I think it
goes many layers, I
don't think there we're
even close to base reality.
I think that there's
many layers to reality
and many, many universes created
by ancestor civilizations.
For example, the video
game, "The Sims,"
they're going to become
conscious with the AI
technology now.
And that video game
has real people in it
that are going to work,
having babies, going
to parties and everything else.
At what point would
they then create
their own simulated universe.
And then there'll be
one inside of that game.
I think that there's many levels
of reality and many levels
of universes that occur by
creators like ourselves using
this fractal mathematic pattern
that we have rediscovered,
basically.
And it basically
says that we know
we're living in a
universe that is created.
However, we are
like a simulation.
In other words, if I took
all the empty space out
of all the atoms on
a 7.5 billion people
are on this planet, I could
fit every single person
into one sugar cube.
I mean, this is all an illusion.
We're not even really here.
>>NOORY: What does this
do to modern religion?
>>CARSON: I think it
destroys modern religion.
I think that it enhances
spirituality and lets
you know that you have to
have a divine connection
with the source, whether
it's god, energy, God,
you want to call
it the universe.
Whatever you want
to call it, you
can have a direct connection
with that divinity.
You don't need to go through
these, in my opinion,
through this religious
system, which
is more contoured towards
control in the monetary system.
So I think that knowledge
of what we're talking about,
what we're trying to
explain to people here,
will free people
mentally and allow
them to connect to
their true source,
and also to take a
journey to inner space
and realize that these
are the temples that
need to be visiting, and that
the true power of divinity
is within them
already, and they can
have a lot more
control over their life
than they really thought.
They've been relinquishing
their control
and begging and hoping for
things to change and happen
when they can realize that a
lot of the power and control
and energy is already
inside of them.
And they've been
endowed with it to allow
themselves to control their
reality tunnel a lot better.
>>NOORY: What do you think
the message that Thoth
wanted to convey to us?
>>CARSON: The biggest
message is the fact
that mankind has the
capability of not only reaching
a level that he's on, but
even exceeding that level,
according to him.
And that--
>>NOORY: That we can do it?
>>CARSON: That we can do it.
That it's already
within us to do it.
And we have the capability
to rise up above the darkness
that we're in and get to
a high level of not only
consciousness, but
civilization, and live
in a pattern of love, of
unconditional love and light
towards one another,
and that we'll
become a spacefaring race.
And we'll be able to
travel to other worlds,
not only in this galaxy,
but even in other galaxies.
>>NOORY: Where does your
research take you next, Billy?
>>CARSON: It takes
me right now into,
you know, I really want to delve
a lot deeper into the sciences
behind spirituality.
I really want to learn a lot
more about the unified physics
aspect.
I'm working on a
movie right now called
"Chronicles of the
Anunnaki," which
is going to be based off of
ancient texts and tablets
and bringing the real
Star Wars to light,
going from galactic wars all
the way to the current day
that we're in over many
episodes or many series.
So I'm really
excited about that.
And I'm looking forward to
speaking with Eric Von Daniken
in 2020 in Blackpool, UK.
>>NOORY: Is there a Nobel Prize
in science for you somewhere?
>>CARSON: I hope so.
That would be nice, you know.
I would-- maybe
not a Nobel Prize.
But just to be recognized.
I'm doing a lot of work,
a lot of countless hours,
a lot of three hour
nights of sleep
and traveling all around
the world on my own dime
to try to really bring the
truth to humanity as to what I'm
discovering and what I
believe is going on out there
and letting them make
their own decision
by providing with enough
research material to say, OK.
I can check into
what he's saying.
And this is what I'm thinking.
And a lot of it's matching
up with what I've said.
>>NOORY: Are you looking
at anything, Billy,
that could be
disruptive to humankind?
Is there anything
out there that you
see that scares the living
daylights out of you that you
haven't told us yet?
>>CARSON: Well, the biggest
thing that worries me right now
is AI--
artificial intelligence.
I think in the wrong
hands it could become
detrimental to the human race.
Even the Anunnaki themselves
had realized this,
that by making a very limited
amount of these androids
that they had created in
these ancient tablets--
they had androids.
Even Gilgamesh went on a
journey with an android.
But they had a very
limited amount.
And when it came down to talking
about making a slave race,
they decided to go with a
genetic hominid instead of AI
technology because they
can have more control
over a biological
entity than they can AI,
because AI will
become smart enough
to replicate itself
and realize we
don't need humans or biological
entities, and then take over.
So my biggest fear
is the fact when
you do have the global net,
Skynet really is active.
And once AI taps into
Skynet, and if these entities
or these robots become
conscious enough,
they may want to
eliminate human beings.
>>NOORY: Are you hopeful
for the future of mankind?
>>CARSON: I'm very
hopeful for the future.
I really am.
I really do believe that we're
going to rise above all this.
These are our lessons as we're
trying to learn how to walk.
And we're stumbling
a little bit.
But we will learn how to walk,
and we will learn how to run.
And we will become a much
more conscious civilization.
We're already headed
in that direction now.
And it's just a matter of
time before we get back
to the golden age.
We're now like the
pioneers trying
to help mankind get there.
>>NOORY: Billy, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>CARSON: Thank you.
It's good to be back again.
Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: It is amazing the
teachings of the ancients.
And if we could just apply it
to the way we live today, think
of the kind of planet
we could create.
I'm George Noory.
And thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."